**Privacy Policy**

This database and website, located at \[insert link\] or any subdomains
thereof (the "ALSF Resource Portal"), is supported by Alex's Lemonade
Stand Foundation ("we," "our," or "us").

Your access to, and use of, the ALSF Resource Portal is subject to our
Terms of Use, located at \[insert link\] (the "Terms of Use"). We have
created this Privacy Policy (this "Privacy Policy") to explain what
information we gather when you visit or interact with the ALSF Resource
Portal, how we and others may use your information, and the security
approaches we use to protect your information. This Privacy Policy is
incorporated into and made part of the Terms of Use. **Capitalized terms
used but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given to
them in the Terms of Use.**

By using the ALSF Resource Portal, you consent to the collection and use
of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If we decide
to change this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated version on this
page. Changes to this Privacy Policy will apply only to information
collected after the date of the change.

1.  **What information is gathered?**

We may collect and retain information from or about you when you visit
the ALSF Resource Portal, send or respond to communications, or
participate in another ALSF Resource Portal feature. Here are the types
of personal information we gather:

**Information You Give Us:** When you communicate with us, we may
collect and retain your name, email address, and other unique
identifiers such as your ORCID ID in order to make the ALSF Resource
Portal services available to you. We may also ask for your shipping
information in order to provide certain services to you and retain the
shipping information provided by you.

**Automatic Information:** We receive and store certain types of
information whenever you interact with us, including IP addresses and
session identifiers. We may use "cookies" or other tracking tools to
enhance your experience and gather information about Users and visitors
to the ALSF Resource Portal. Please refer to the "May we use \'cookies\'
or other tracking tools?" section below for information about cookies
and how we may use them.

We do not collect or retain any personal information that you provided
(i) on the Form Material Transfer Agreement available on the ALSF
Resource Portal or (ii) to another User when delivering, transferring,
or transmitting Resource (as defined in the Terms of Use).

2.  **How do we respond to "Do Not Track" signals?**

Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret web
browser-based "Do Not Track" ("DNT") signals other than cookies, we do
not currently respond to, or provide Users with a different experience
based on, undefined "DNT" signals to the ALSF Resource Portal.

3.  **How do we use your personal information?**

We may use your personal information in any of the following ways:

To respond to your requests or otherwise communicate with you.

To enable your communication with another User.

To monitor your compliance with the Terms of Use and all applicable
Policies.

To prevent or remedy any unauthorized or disruptive activity.

To administer a survey or other ALSF Resource Portal feature.

To operate, maintain, analyze, improve, control, or customize the ALSF
Resource Portal.

4.  **Do we disclose the information we collect?**

We generally do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer personal
information to outside parties unless we provide you with advance
notice. We also do not transfer any Resource between the Users (as
defined in the Terms of Use). However, we may disclose personal
information as described below:

**Another User:** We may disclose your shipping information to the User
who will deliver, transfer, or transmit Resource to you for the sole
purpose of facilitating delivery of Resource and for no other purpose.
By agreeing to receive Resource from another User, you agree to such
disclosure.

**Agents and Contractors:** We may contract with other companies and
individuals to operate the ALSF Resource Portal and to perform functions
on our behalf. Examples include maintaining and hosting the ALSF
Resource Portal, analyzing data, and providing support and shipping
services. Our agents and contractors have access to personal information
needed to perform their functions, but they must reasonably safeguard
such information and they may not use it or disclose it for other
purposes.

**Authentication:** We may disclose your personal information to third
parties as reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your
information, as applicable.

**Business Transfers:** In the event that we sell or otherwise transfer
our assets, or reorganize, merge or transfer our entity, we may provide
your information to the purchaser to enable continued use of the ALSF
Resource Portal. We will take reasonable steps to seek similar treatment
of your information, but the purchaser might operate under a different
privacy policy.

**Protection of Us and Others:** We release personal information when we
believe it is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply the Terms
of Use or our other applicable Policies or agreements; or protect the
rights, privacy, property, or safety of us, Users or others. We may
share information regarding unauthorized or suspicious activity with
affected Users, an independent Institutional Review Board or other
ethics board, or institutional authorities, as applicable.

Subject to applicable law, we may share aggregated and statistical
information with third parties.

5.  **How is personal information corrected or updated?**

You can correct or update your personal information by logging into your
account and making the correction or update in your account, or by
contacting us at \[email address\]. You can also request that we delete
your personal information or remove you from our communications.
However, you understand that we do not have access to and therefore,
cannot correct, update, or delete, any Resource delivered, transferred,
or transmitted by you to another User or received by you from another
User. You also understand that our deletion of your ALSF Resource Portal
account does not automatically cause deletion of any other accounts that
are independent of the ALSF Resource Portal account (e.g., ORCID
account) as we have no responsibility or liability for any third-party
websites or accounts.

6.  **May we use "cookies" or other tracking tools?**

Yes. We may use web tracking tools such as cookies and web beacons. A
cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard
drive when you visit those pages, but the only personal information a
cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. We may use
cookies to track User traffic patterns when you click on various links
throughout the ALSF Resource Portal to help us understand your
preferences and to offer better experiences and tools on the ALSF
Resource Portal.

We may contract with third party service providers to assist us in
better understanding our Users, including tracking User clicks and
recording anonymized User sessions. These service providers are not
permitted to use the information collected on our behalf, except to help
us conduct and improve the ALSF Resource Portal.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is
being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies, through your
browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your
browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If
you turn cookies off, you might not be able to access or use certain
ALSF Resource Portal services, features or functionality.

7.  **How secure is personal information?**

We follow generally accepted industry security standards to safeguard
and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and
properly use your personal information. However, no commercial method of
information transfer over the Internet or electronic data storage is
known to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the absolute
security of that information during its transmission or its storage in
our systems.

It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your
password, API keys and other identifying tokens, and to your computer.
Be sure to sign off when you are finished using the ALSF Resource
Portal.

We have no responsibility or liability for the security of the delivery,
transfer, or transmission of any Resource from one User to another User.
You understand that you are solely responsible and liable for the secure
delivery, transfer, or transmission of any Resource to another User.

8.  **Third Party Links**

In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third
party links on the ALSF Resource Portal. These linked sites have
separate and independent privacy policies, which we encourage you to
review. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content
and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect
the integrity of the ALSF Resource Portal and welcome any feedback about
these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).

9.  **Questions and Feedback**

Any questions or feedback about the ALSF Resource Portal or this Privacy
Policy should be directed to \[email address\].

10. **Important Notices to Non-United States Residents**

It is important to note that the ALSF Resource Portal is operated in the
United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please
be aware that any personal information you provide to us will be
transferred to the United States. By using the ALSF Resource Portal
and/or providing us with your personal information, you consent to this
transfer.

11. **Children\'s Privacy**

We do not knowingly intend to collect personal information from children
under 13 years of age. If a child has provided us with personal
information, a parent or guardian of that child may send an email
message to \[email address\] with "Request for Child Information
Removal" in the subject line and the name and age of the child in the
body of the message. After confirmation, we will make reasonable efforts
to delete the child's information from the database that stores
information for the ALSF Resource Portal.

Last Updated: \[MM/DD, 2020\]
